gh-146065: Fix NULL dereference in FutureIter_am_send (#146304)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-03-23-00-04-13.gh-issue-146065.FIdn8D.rst

Fix a NULL pointer dereference in asyncio.Future iterator when send() is

> called after throw() or close(), which previously could cause a crash.

Reviewer: I don't think that we need to be specific about the crash type, just say:

```suggestion
Fix a crash in asyncio.Future iterator when send() is
called after throw() or close().
```
